I'm getting a commission for two days at time.
No, not not not.
My name is Mr. Vite.
Can I go leaving the community?
No, very good.
We are coming for days.
For the invitation first, there will be several organizations.
If you'd like, I'll put them out.
You'll explain to them, they're having a way.
How are you doing about it?
No, I don't think they're my office anymore than the most.
Two minutes, I suppose.
Didn't you tell him to keep Mr. Collins' office?
I don't think so.
You don't think so?
You're the next and he's definitely excellent.
I'll just leave it to him if you don't think so.
No, I can say Mr. Jenkins, I don't think that's all I'm wrong.
You don't think you told me that, no?
I will ask you if you remember our medication Mr. Collins coming in.
I'm joining in the conversation.
And Mr. Collins,
starting upon this generally important defeat in January commission of the Commission of the United States.
This don't happen in our center.
Mr. Jenkins, I hate to document your questions when I frankly don't.
With color, any kind of legislation,
we must have color and mystery,
but it's completely unimportant meeting.
The five-hour concern is very brief.
I'm reading some different page 24 of the record.
Can you leave it?
The month that time as I recall it was a few minutes late,
so I initiated my conversation with the Senator.
Mr. O'I. Coon came in the room.
Mr. Collins, so emphasized this.
Now for the day and hour.
Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Robes, seems to have a phenomenal memory of the great conversation.
I do not tell that memory. All I can say is I don't.
All I remember is that conversation with the governor.
The American is that I asked if the liaison man come up.
I didn't know who he was.
I thought it was the general plan.
When he came, I gave him the outline.
Mr. Collins, back down, the fact that he was the college graduate.
The running of the president of a hotel corporation.
He had been a lieutenant, a lieutenant in the lieutenant, served in Korea.
And I asked for one of the circumstances.
He should apply for a commission, whether it be federal one.
Mr. Ripper says yes, he would be in federal one, so I said good.
When I was, when you explained to him, Dave and I think Roy was there,
how did you avoid it?
That's the last conversation I had with Ripper as far as I know.
Senator, did you hear one of the recent fiscal year-assets of the administration?
Well, the level of private government that you have, you still do not know.
Call him on 43 occasions, maybe inside.
This is the site of the direct commission for the young man.
I heard him testify.
I frankly don't recall what he testimony was with me.
I said that as far as I knew, I had no further contact with him.
But then he says, now he's getting briefed to page 30.
He's getting briefed to page 30.
I'm going to check him like that.
So, 38.
He made it happen.
He's getting briefed to page 30.
What about the state senator?
General Ebert says that.
Life's over.
Fucking gnar about please.
I should bring that upon me, Army.
Something that's not.
Something that we're going to ask you special for this one private.
General Ebert embraced the code from a custom at least 17 July until the end of the month.
A welcome at the 30th of the one July in this connection.
I also received a free telephone call directly from the senator on the same situation.
That senator is the direct and policy testimony of General Ebert
that you not only on July 8th, out for a direct commission position, man.
But for at least two and maybe three more times, saying that same month.
You call him.
And I, the public, about the public that he was making to the end of getting a commission policy thought.
1840, 1840, 1850.
Mr. Dixon, to the bus of my knowledge, I had no contacts with River except that one day he was in the office.
To the bus of my knowledge, I made no phone call to him.
Now it's possible he may be mistaken that if someone in my office was a call or someone we have called him, I don't know.
But I am reasonably certain that if I had called him, I would remember that.
And if you are not, they'd be certain about it, senator, as we get from your anxious.
Well, I can't be a dead person, but anything that happened a year ago.
But in fact, I can see me, United States Senator.
Talk to this general, who is the liaison officer between the Army and the Senate.
At least three times.
About eight times.
About a man who was in a civilian.
Don't you recognize?
In and if it's to get a commission, a direct commission brought.
Then going to the Army, then the bodies, in surprise, this right system turned over to a million thousands of other boys going in every day.
That would have been some considerable pressure.
Some pressure to save the police.
The Army is being invaded by the Army.
You might say, couldn't it?
Well, the Dragonless.
If it isn't, I don't say it today.
If it isn't, then I'm saying you don't deny it.
You say you don't remember it.
Well, I'm not saying it.
But it is true.
There are new situations.
The most significant of the proofs that I did not.
There's a fact that I not only told Secretary Stevens that it rolled him and told him to lean over backwards.
And not to give shine anything to, but even appear to be a threshold consideration.
What I'd like me to say was, my family's attention.
That was unfair to Mr. Shine.
So when I was saying we know the backwards, that's what that meant.
Don't give him what you give me normal graphics.
I did it however, in the presence of Mr. Shine, in the presence of Mr. Cohns.
And that is a complete contradiction of anything here within an intricate pressure on me.
Mr. Jenkins, the moniker's phone call.
My man, my fellow.
The moniker's phone call.
Or I don't like eavesdropping.
I think those moniker's phone calls form the very valuable service.
If you expect that moniker's call, you will find that I land the fest.
Don't give days anything that you wouldn't give any other private in the fact.
I get in free reasons for that.
Now, my attitude to redemption did not change during all the spirit of time.
I knew that if anyone in my committee would get anything that appeared to be any special consideration.
That everything would break loose.
And my efforts were not to get something for him.
But to make sure that he would not get something that would appear to be any special consideration.
That's in there.
So, I have to argue you take some now.
I think you are fine clean.
I don't argue with you.
I'm up to high school.
You are too good.
I want high school.
And we get to this.
Said we should have seen about the phone calls to the secretary and others in which you made your position clear.
Including the call of November 7th.
But why here is this general?
Well, certainly, certainly no moody response.
You didn't take that on the part of General Reaver to say that I call for you because you were the senator MacArthur.
Mr. Jenkins, I will not go into the question of murder.
I think it's not important.
I will say that my staff had great difficulty with his brother over in Germany.
I don't argue with him of me hearing him proper because of all I can tell you.
I don't argue with that to the very best of my recollections.
I only had one contact with Reaver.
I am, I think, completely certain that if I had any other contact, I would remember.
So, that's all I can tell you.
Did you know Senator?
Well, from July 8th to the latter part of July 8th, Mr. Roy Cohn calls General Reaver a number of times.
A lot of these commissions were signed.
I don't know him.
I'm going to call Reaver.
These are the call Reaver.
Going with the money on my foot.
I don't think so.
I'm going to call Reaver.
We're talking now about really not just from the official being bought.
Did you say he's so touched about our own money?
Nah, I don't know.
What a lady for you.
Age 38, that's 38, Sarah Reaver.
I'm Mr. Lincoln.
But going back, when this person up until the end of July receives numerous calls from Mr. Cohn,
urging speed in this state.
I'm urging you to be able to reserve the soonest possible.
Now, Senator, Mr. Cohn will bring your chief counsel, but he was kind of...
And you're an honest man, just about a year, that from July 8th to the very first of June, until the end of the month,
he receives numerous calls from Mr. Cohn, urging speed and brother.
In answer to my question, he's going to leave us there as soon as I could only make an estimate, Mr. Lincoln.
Because, of course, I did not see the record of those telephone calls, but I would say that at times,
I would see since these telephone calls a day.
Senator McCracken, for two things, the theft was the duty.
I was in the Army, or making the Army's conscious of the fact that there was a boy, a woman,
who looked up in the United States, the first speaking to the Army through your mouth, through your first.
I'm in line again over that period of some twenty-two days, calling this General of the Army
and impressing upon him the importance of giving this boy a commission.
Speed, speed, wasn't that Senator in your opinion,
certainly making the Army quite conscious of the fact that you were interested in your fact
was interested rather in ordinantly inviting this boy, commission, to to to to to to to.
As I have been, Mr. Jenkins, you are showing that much of your reddold,
the truth with the columns of the government, that you are exaggerating.
Ladies, Mr. Cohn, tell you that he's this call generally bill as I remember he said he did senator.
I don't die during the month of July, I'll be taking the screen in the month of July.
Well, he didn't really well have, I just have to know whether or not this is a
a graduate or not, he says, go for a graduate.
Go for a graduate, right?
Did you know senator McKracking?
Congress of the Lawyer is going on in the hearings, we're going to be turning up.
The U.M. television network is bringing to you to the facilities the Army McCarthy Subcommittee hearings.
2000 hours, first station hour.
Overweights, got no pass, who is those guys getting there?
Due to the president's speech related, now in the transport workers union around Able to telecast it.
It's the same time that he's channeled for the voice of fire so,
the old favorite constant program on the United States 30 on track.
Call General Rebirth.
15 times longest.
They're being their record on local call.
Over that period, I thought this is the general sense of time.
Do you know when it's possible, President?
What Mr. Shine and Mr. Coen, who have had with General Rebirth,
he is on a turn in who I am to stand up, nothing whatever to do with.
The work of the committee, accepted the discussion with him, made shine and a commission today shine.
I'm a committee general at work.
Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Jenkins, say whether or not he told me.
14 longer than I thought it would be.
I'm getting a look at these charts for the credit credit funds.
If you say that the record shows the first 13 polls, we don't need to have a chart for that.
They're really not out here.
The media is saying, Mr. Jackson, as chairman of the government operational committee,
I'm going to find out at some time who is drafting these unmet support.
I heard that if you have a phone call for spread,
15 minutes, if you have a phone call for spread with the Jackson,
another, this is not your work, if a phone call for spread, that's sufficient.
You say there are 13 phone calls for, they'll take you word for it.
I see that.
Now, Senator, I think you're both out of the point.
What's your point, what do you call?
13 times from the 10th day of July.
I see you talk to the brown age of July.
Since the 29th of July, our 19 days nearly call every day from calling shine long distance.
This day nothing of any of us will call just over any five, 20th of August.
I'm calling 6.50, talking about eight.
I'll ask again for that, and I will say Mr. Jackson,
if you were applying for a commission, if I were the liaison officer,
I'm charged with advising people applying for a commission,
and if you were being sure that it's an important command to next command,
the white command, the weak command, I think you would tell me in front of what do I do now, General.
I think I'm not a general.
I don't play 13 calls with a few men in 19 days, Senator.
No, I don't play 13 or 11.
It's practically equivalent of a call from some of the leaders of the former county.
Every time Mr. O.I. am home calling.
No.
In view of his, I've been a good review.
No, that's no much.
Mr. Reaver knew that there was taking and retaking examinations.
He was being shifted from one place to the other upon the advice of Mr. Reaver.
For example, I know you had to go to New York or someplace taking examinations
for the full commission of transport to man different places.
And the logical things in the due, they call Mr. Reaver,
when one gets there with the equivalent of McCarrick calling,
the interest, you know, because one made a very clear of the reaver to Steven.
I don't know when you'll find out that I didn't want any special consideration for this young man.
I went further, I advised them that they would get a lot of unsavable citizens
if they gave me many special considerations.
Did you move the senator out to a secretary's team in the foreign commission for the day of charge?
No, sir.
You heard the secretary's testimony on whether or not they did not think it.
I heard he's testimony.
You heard the testimony that up at least on one occasion,
you asked him to give to this young man a commission with me on it.
Is that right?
The secretary's restriction of the total supply, I discussed the first new commission
with the secretary of the Cheyenne department in New York.
At that time, I was very, very positive in advising the secretary
to the VIA and I used the word,
we know about backwards.
We know about backwards.
The avoidance, giving the evils, was my precondition.
My new enemies and our enemies are special considerations.
And there were witnesses there for that.
I wrote him a letter and suggested a French letter to France.
Thank you.
But still, I don't want to go off.
Why are you repairing the six day of the army?
And others, the mean-over backwards to the nothing-fine.
The fact remains that these two members of your staff
are all generally for 13 times in 19 days.
Mr. Zengen, is there a special commission for this?
Well, that's a few 50 times.
Mr. Zengen, if you say they call 13 times, I know that you're completely frivolous.
There's no doubt about the fact they call 13 times the field of calls there.
May I say that I don't know what the study about time that I would say
but a man with a fine for a commission, making various examinations,
following applications, various departments of the army,
13 calls would not be too many calls.
Why are you making this, Mr. Zengen?
That I have gotten calls, I think it's many 1520s.
From the wire, this month, their husbands can get pipes at this side of that sort of thing.
Even though I tell them the first time there's nothing they can do.
In this case, the officers of two rebuts said yes, you are entitled to a commission.
He said that positively in the office, you're entitled to a commission.
And then they were shifting Dave from place to place,
and they were taking examinations, and it would be only logical that he would call him a number of times.
Now whether the number of the five or 15, I don't know.
I'm talking now, since I'm in the office about the months and two hours.
Well, Mr. Pairing, there was at least one conversation between you and Weber
and he's been in the same common time in research.
Mr. Zengen's like an odd nothing of what I thought.
During the months and few hours, and I was talking about whether or not,
in office conduct, there's been a charge to rise there for it to get this boy some space.
He's keeping him over to me, and the other targets for the Army.
Do you think there's any explanation, whatever, of how is your man?
Will be so bright, God's over to have Mr. Zengen.
Will be so bright, this is cold.
The things that I haven't seen, shall I come over and hold up my hand?
They're winning, can I come over and hold up my hand?
Do you know the reason why they shine, with the many things that's how he's exactly?
Mr. Zengen was first, when we said that,
there's time for us to come here at a twenty-long time, I've never seen him rise.
I think it's the most modest young man I've seen, you've seen him on a witness's hand.
What's the thing?
I'm not even ready to throw it all the right things with me.
I did it, number one, I don't know whether you've said it.
Number two, if you're standing holding, you can get your commission tomorrow,
but he might roll up, fall off, sometimes when I come over, which one in?
That's holding up my hand.
But when he's here, does somebody tell him that he's the jail?
Mr. Zengen's your death, then.
He didn't go?
No.
Mr. Zengen's I know nothing about the, as we matter after...
When you heard this yesterday morning here, Senator?
Ah, on the five hour drive, did they answer your questions, no?
There he is, no.
That you don't know why he shouldn't say anything over and over my hand.
Do you know somebody who the women's young man gets over, and the family's arms over his hand?
I mean, the commission's been in there.
And he was called, he was asked to fill out an application,
like he was calling for him, I mean, like he's hardly been called for him.
Do you know something, but he was not my favorite.
I like the official.
So, this is Orange Gagging.
In Part 3, filled out an application, leaving out substantial parts of it,
as though it were not important, and that his general in the army had the calling that's been getting back
and having come back over there at a later date, and really fill out his other application,
such as fill out, an application, a form, for a commission in the army.
I don't know the slightest thing about the application.
Oh, one thing about that, and the numbers, never saw anything about it.
Oh, I heard the person want to hear that, though.
Where's the little arrow next to this question,
with further reference to the upper scene, the something,
and extra ordination, especially for this part?
Did you know all that?
Your chief counsel, and finally advised us,
that the victory of the army,
that no commission was before coming for this boy,
went to the department of state,
and talked to General Walter Beade Smith,
about him just feeding him using his high office.
He just got things done for the gentleman.
I'm informed by an I-Chin Council,
and he's never informed by the army that he was not getting a commission,
but that the cause of the...
Did they know the difficulty encountered between Ruth Noribis brother
and Mr. Shann, Mr. Cohn,
in Europe, Mr. Cohn, Con fact, Mr. Smith,
and I think Mr. Smith will testify to him out.
Now, Con fact is him to make sure that,
not that he gets special consideration about that,
no matter go through the regular channels,
and if he were entitled to commission when he get them,
I think that's a perfectly proper thing for a man,
a different friend, and life-based, you know,
sort of stuff, but I wrote,
now here to be,
he is one talk in July.
Now, the Secretary of the New Concentrate,
to General Beade,
he, apparently, are 13 long-distance telephone conversations,
to General Beade Smith, I remember,
if you start to say anything of local calls,
is the word of local calls,
then I don't think they're wearing the hour and a half.
Then here is General Watt-Walders,
Beade Smith,
saying this, Senator,
say 147 of the transcripts of Mrs. Cailin
that first month is July.
The day's day, July 31st, day, July.
Making a plan,
making this scene this week,
effort to overact on behalf of this young man.
Here's General Smith talking with the cone telephone,
he's telephone me on this,
and July 31st,
he stated that Mr. David Cheyenne
of the committee's path was about to be drafted,
on the team with the cone and many democracies.
So, my two-line senator,
there's the He-Shin-O-Havardalic commission,
so we're taking care of them qualified by education,
and the reason the fact that during the last blow
he had as a civilian employee,
held the Trumps in the first 20-wank of the Senate.
I asked Mr. Coyne and White came to me,
but would you give him a pay?
Yes, please, please, 147.
I asked Mr. Coyne and White came to me,
as I was no longer an action military service.
Do you reply to the Army aside as it's not been cooperating you?
The General read where a commissary
for a commission from Mr. Cheyenne and has not done so.
But I knew all the senior officers in the Pentagon
and with those who just walked in.
Senator?
I'm talking to you now about the event,
so July, the month of July,
you stay on for the 31st of years
and are what are beautifully been annoying, I'm sure.
And you know all that he's a man of running
teachable character reputation, don't you?
I'm holding a high position in this administration.
And the veterans of the Army have needed to do some 40 or 50 years
saying, uh, Roy Coole.
On the last day of that first month,
when we knew this boy was going to be dressed,
it said, here,
shines about to be dressed in the...
He must be in the driver with the Pentagon,
I want you to use your English to get in the commission.
And Senators goes the former car they want to see.
Now Senator, I'm not asking you whether it happened or not.
But if you like, see it happen.
These events are just one month only.
Senator?
I am looking.
Please, whether or not is it committee.
In your opinion, that would at least make secretary students
conscious of the fact that a United States senator
and his staff had an unusual interest in getting this boy
some kind of a commission in with some rank in the Army
a lot of the inception of his service.
Don't you think Senator McCartney, in all fairness,
that's some of those activities.
I've got one month alone to say nothing of what followed subsequent revisions.
To take care of the Army was justified in saying that
him, suffer, him, suffer activities will go up to by upon
unusual activities in getting a commission for the young men.
Wouldn't it be just society that Senator,
if all findings and in all this conscience will go to the larger folks
being present for the larger folks in the two parts.
First, Mr. Adams, any attempt that they have shy in any other young man
makes the gotta commission as long as he does the best
and the only one that's completely proper.
Years on, any other young man who tries to get a commission,
tries to get a worse point, anapolis, five-have-you,
for the perfect rights to do it and I know some young men have been trying for five years
to get into anapolis.
There's nothing improper about that and how many phone calls they make.
I don't know how many phone calls Mr. Shion made.
I say it was very, very clear to all those involved that I was asking for no special consideration
with suggestions that has made very clear by the monitored phone calls.
Phone calls I didn't know would be monitored.
And let me quote General Smith on page 155.
He was asked the question by Mr. Jenkins.
The final question.
Do you regard anything said by Mr. Stone to you?
And either of the two occasions you mentioned are being improper.
General Smith, I do not.
Now General Smith doesn't think there's anything improper.
I certainly wouldn't think of that as an ass again.
There's nothing I can add to this, Mr. Jenkins.
I think it was except that I made it clear to the Secretary of the Army,
both verbally and in writing,
that my advice to him was to lean over backwards,
and I just like having to repeat this over and over,
lean over backwards, not to give Mr. Shion anything with the fear to be any special consideration.
They knew that for never any question Mr. Adams-Meyon,
or Mr. Stevens-Meyon,
you'll note that Mr. Adams on a stand never once testified as I recall
that he thought that I was looking for any special consideration for Shion.
Now I'm a team member, I hope I'm direct to that.
But be radar as it may,
let me quote some letter of December 22nd.
And this is the position I took so long.
As soon as Bob Stevens, I'll leave out the first two paragraphs here, Bob.
So I'm inclined to agree that Mr. Shion would never have been drafted,
except because of the fact that he worked for my committee.
I want to make it clear at this time that no one has any authority to request any consideration
for Mr. Shion, other than what other drafts he has guessed.
I think it is extremely important that this thing made very clear
in view of the present investigation which our committee has given.